hi why are you if you're already
thinking about it that's bad okay
explain to me what the hell is going on
right now me and Pikachu down there we
have a little bit of a bet he wanted me
to start backwards so i said if i start
backwards and still beat him out of the
first turn that he has to ride the
next-to-last with his pants down alright
would you get yourself into man i don't
know what's the it's the payout for him
if he beats here i want to know he just
wins is what he said but he has to start
backwards well he told me you got to do
two laps with your pants down if you
lose out of the first corner we'll see
like that I really don't want you guys
to have to see that thing
hey guys welcome to round number two of
our Tampa MX top go and shoot out my
name is Doughboy and we just want to
welcome everybody hope you guys enjoy
this we're gonna have a great time out
here today to be a lot of action a lot
of fun lot of excitement a lot of
crashes a lot of spills thank everybody
for coming out today in support and hope
see all that your next time
you
we're out here and we just got done with
the bracket race so you know it's a tie
intensity racing it's only two laps and
you know it's pretty tough you know what
it's it's it's definitely some good race
Oh
humming renner gone that's a good one